hey guys this is meant to smash the
baccarat 14 and I found out a way to get
a card like black girls dragging in a
pack without using a hand scale so um I
want to show you how you could get it
like really easily by just sticking your
hand in one other way so here's one with
black girls dragging and here's one with
just a regular rare cold enchanter right
don't be going to put these cars into
their packs
hold each in turn
this one's a black hole for you do is
you grab the pack say it like if you
want if you go to booster box and you
just want the best card first what you
do is you take your middle finger right
here the hole and then you stick your
finger down in the middle and it's going
to feel like one or two cards is gonna
go down alright so that means there
might be a good card in there that
here's the one with cold enchanter and
you stick your middle finger down in it
and a few cards will go down that means
it's not really doesn't have a pretty
good card in it maybe it's just like a
regular rare but I may be wrong and then
another way is you take one hand and you
hold it in one hand then you take the
other one and these are all without hand
scales you hold this these two packs
hold them and this one feels more head
yourself now and this one has a black
dragon in it and the last way is music
please um you might not be able to hear
this but when you hold the pack like
this you shake it you're gonna hear a
lot of cards shaking that means it's
gonna be heavier if I take this one with
the cold enchanter no barely no cards
gonna go shaking like that then if you
shake the one with black rose
all right it's going to start kicking so
I'm pretty sure these are actually gonna
work but I may be wrong so just try
these out and let's see if they'll work
um so I'll see you guys later